¡¡¡No actualizada!!!

homie/termo001/$state
homie/termo001/$homie 4.0.0
homie/termo001/$name MySmartThermo
homie/termo001/$nodes tesmostato,caudalimetro,resistencia,sd
homie/termo001/$extensions
homie/termo001/$ip
homie/termo001/termostato/$name termostato
homie/termo001/termostato/$properties temperatura,consigna,histeresis,tmax
homie/termo001/termostato/temperatura
homie/termo001/termostato/temperatura/$name "temperatura medida"
homie/termo001/termostato/temperatura/$datatype float
homie/termo001/termostato/temperatura/$unit ºC
homie/termo001/termostato/temperatura/$format 0:100
homie/termo001/termostato/consigna
homie/termo001/termostato/consigna/$name "temperatura deseada"
homie/termo001/termostato/consigna/$datatype integer
homie/termo001/termostato/consigna/$unit ºC
homie/termo001/termostato/consigna/$settable true
homie/termo001/termostato/consigna/$format 0:100
homie/termo001/termostato/histeresis/
homie/termo001/termostato/histeresis/$name "histéresis"
homie/termo001/termostato/histeresis/$datatype integer
homie/termo001/termostato/histeresis/$unit ºC
homie/termo001/termostato/histeresis/$settable true
homie/termo001/termostato/histeresis/$format 1:50
homie/termo001/termostato/tmax
homie/termo001/termostato/tmax/$name "temperatura máxima de seguridad"
homie/termo001/termostato/tmax/$datatype integer
homie/termo001/termostato/tmax/$unit ºC
homie/termo001/termostato/tmax/$settable true
homie/termo001/termostato/tmax/$format 60:90
homie/termo001/termostato/hvalle/
homie/termo001/termostato
homie/termo001/termostato
homie/termo001/caudalimetro/$name caudalímetro
homie/termo001/caudalimetro/$properties caudal,k
homie/termo001/caudalimetro/caudal
homie/termo001/caudalimetro/caudal/$name "caudal de agua"
homie/termo001/caudalimetro/caudal/$datatype float
homie/termo001/caudalimetro/caudal/$unit l/min
homie/termo001/caudalimetro/k
homie/termo001/caudalimetro/k/$name "constante del caudalímetro"
homie/termo001/caudalimetro/k/$datatye float
homie/termo001/caudalimetro/k/$unit hz·min/l
homie/termo001/caudalimetro/k/$settable true
homie/termo001/resistencia/$name resistencia
homie/termo001/resistencia/$properties encendida,modo
homie/termo001/resistencia/encendida
homie/termo001/resistencia/encendida/$name "resistencia encendida"
homie/termo001/resistencia/encendida/$datatype boolean
homie/termo001/resistencia/encendida/$settable
homie/termo001/resistencia/modo
homie/termo001/resistencia/modo/$name "modo de funcionamiento"
homie/termo001/resistencia/modo/$datatype enum
homie/termo001/resistencia/modo/$settable true
homie/termo001/resistencia/modo/$format auto,manual
homie/termo01/sd/$name micro-SD
homie/termo01/sd/$properties estado
homie/termo01/sd/estado
homie/termo01/sd/estado/$name estado
homie/termo01/sd/estado/$datatype enum
homie/termo01/sd/estado/$format ready,missing,error,writing